c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\GigaGuy.exe
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\GigaGuy.pdb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\obj\x86\Debug\GigaGuy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\obj\x86\Debug\GigaGuy.exe
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\obj\x86\Debug\GigaGuy.pdb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\player.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\playerDuck.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11251LeftSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11251RightSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11252LeftSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11252RightSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11253LeftSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11253RightSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11254LeftSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11254RightSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\2251LeftSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\2251RightSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\2252LeftSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\2252RightSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\45LeftSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\45RightSlope.xnb
c:\users\juicyp\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\tile.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\obj\x86\Debug\GigaGuy.exe
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\obj\x86\Debug\GigaGuy.pdb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\player.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player\playerDuck.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11251LeftSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11251RightSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11252LeftSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11252RightSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11253LeftSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11253RightSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11254LeftSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\11254RightSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\2251LeftSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\2251RightSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\2252LeftSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\2252RightSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\45LeftSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\Slopes\45RightSlope.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Tiles\tile.xnb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\GigaGuy.exe
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\GigaGuy.pdb
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\JuicyP\Programming\C#\GigaGuy\GigaGuy\obj\x86\Debug\GigaGuy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
